feat(xapi/VDI_exportContent) : implement NBD block level retry (#6763)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “Nice enhancement, I'm eager to test it”

> - [Backup/exports] Retry reading a block during delta backup, vhd, ova and vmdk exports (PR [#6763](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6763))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Delta Backup, Continuous Replication, Disk export] Automatically retry downloading a block when NBD is enabled (PR [#6763](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6763))
```

Author: this also impact OVA exports (which use VMDK exports under the hood) ,but not XVA

Reviewer: So, backups and all disk exports :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: not the xva backup or exports

Reviewer: Right, it's for the delta backup, but XVAs are not used for disk exports.

Author: yes, but disks exports are used for ova exports under the hood

What about 
- [Backup/exports] Retry on when failing to read a data block  during Delta Backup, Continuous Replication, disk  and Ova export when NBD is enabled (PR [#6763](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6763))

- [VM/Advanced] Automatically eject removable medias when converting a VM to a template [#6752](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/6752) (PR [#6769](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6769))
- [Dashboard/Health] Add free space column for storage state table (PR [#6778](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6778))

> - [Backup/exports] Retry on when failing to read a data block during Delta Backup, Continuous Replication, disk and Ova export when NBD is enabled [PR #6763](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6763)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Backup/exports] Retry when failing to read a data block during Delta Backup, Continuous Replication, disk and OVA export when NBD is enabled [PR #6763](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6763)
```
